hey my name is Dee and I'm a volunteer
for times up and I'm working with the
Occupy Wall Street sustainability
committee thank you guys so much for
helping out with our last project which
was a bicycle generation system we've
got a lot of money and we're on our way
to power in wall street with nothing but
bicycle power clean power the
sustainability committee and times up is
also working on for other ways to help
Occupy Wall Street be sustainable with
bicycles since day one we've been
working on composting we've been hauling
out the compost from Occupy Wall Street
and bringing it to the farmers market to
give the local farmers and also to
community gardens we've been hauling out
about four buckets full twice a day
about 250 pounds of compost using our
own bike that bike is getting worn down
and the compost means of the park are
also growing so we're going to need
another cargo bike to keep composting in
Zuccotti Park we also need more bike
trailers to cart out compost and bring
in food that's going to cost us another
about a thousand dollars at the same
time Zuccotti parks kitchen staff is
trying to get more sustainable they're
trying to buy from local farmers like
these here at the farmers market we're
going to need to bring that food back
down to the scottie part another need
for our cargo buy food and also other
committees are also trying to use local
water trying to use tap water instead of
bottled water to be more sustainable we
want to make that extra sustainable and
not bring it in by car but it's really
hard to bring in water on a bicycle or
by foot without a front loading cargo
bike so we're also trying to buy a front
loading cargo bikes that we can go to
local taps with very large containers
filled them up and bring them back to
the park it's going to be used in
kitchen it's going to be using medical
it's going to help out the whole park
and is going to make us more sustainable
medical these bikes kitchen needs bikes
Hardy bike last thing we need bicycle
sport is a bike share program lots of
committees have come to us saying that
they're sort of being hindered by not
being able to get far out of the park
medical needs to do runs quickly
sometimes food definitely needs to do a
lot of running around to pick up food
donations so we want have a bike share
in place in Liberty Square for that
we're going to need to recycle a lot of
bikes which is going to require new
tubes new tires new cables and new
chains we need money for that she's
bikes are also going to be living
outside
which means they're gonna have a lot of
wear and tear we hope you can help us
out with these four projects to bring
bike support to occupy wall street
because using bicycles is going to make
this whole movement environmentally
sustainable just going to make the
movement itself sustainable